# Doing Survey Research (University of Edinburgh)
I have been the senior tutor of Doing Survey Research since the academic course 2015-2016. Originally, I put together ten separate exercises that introduced Sociology (and other fields) third-year students to Stata. Over the years, simply by repetition and thanks to some informal feedback during lab sessions, I have been modifying the exercises, changing the datasets, making the examples clearer and more approachable. The result is a nine-lesson introduction to Stata that tries to be as friendly and easy as possible. The intended audience of this project is social science students that have no prior knowledge of Stata, programming, and the like. However, some basic statistical knowledge is supposed, for these exercises are a practical, hands-on complement to course lectures. 

# Structure of the repository
This repository contains all teaching materials (lab sessions) for the course Doing Survey Research. The booklet has been produced with LaTeX, and it uses a root file that calls in each lab session. These sessions are written in separate files for simplicity's sake. All sessions are in the [tex folder](https://github.com/Yuji-Shimohira-Calvo/DSR/tree/master/tex) of the repository. Images are also in their own directory, the [img folder](https://github.com/Yuji-Shimohira-Calvo/DSR/tree/master/img).

The main document is named [root](https://github.com/Yuji-Shimohira-Calvo/DSR/blob/master/root.tex), so is the [PDF version](https://github.com/Yuji-Shimohira-Calvo/DSR/blob/master/root.pdf). Since everything goes the modular way, the [cover page](https://github.com/Yuji-Shimohira-Calvo/DSR/blob/master/coverpage.tex) has its own separate file too.

At the time of writing, the only way to compile each lab session is from the root file. In the future, I intend to make this easier, so each sessions can be compiled without having to process the whole booklet.

# Acknowledgements
I was and am a (Ph.D.) student myself, so the exercises I have put together here are inevitably influenced by years of reading textbooks and looking up materials on the Internet. I took ideas and teaching methodologies from here and there, but never copied and pasted exercises (meaning that feedback is welcome!). Many exercises use data from the European Social Survey (ESS). I believe the use of ESS data is allowed for teaching purposes. However, I am no lawyer, so please contact me if you find a potential legal conflict in these materials. Finally, I would like to thank Dr. Alex Janus for giving me in the first place the opportunity to develop this materials for his course at the University of Edinburgh.
